## Fading friend

It has been a while since we last talked, and I cannot help but to wonder: is this one of those friendships that dies for no reason? Life gets in the way, people grow apart, misunderstandings happen, incompatibilities arise. I get it. It's ok.
Nonetheless, in case that's what's happening, I just want to share a few friendly thoughts before it's too late.

I'm truly relieved I got the chance to meet you and share precious moments of my life with you.
I cherish and protect their memory very dearly.
If I could go back, I would not change anything.

Such words might come off as unnecessary, even invasive, coming from a guy on the internet.
Why does he care so much? What the hell is he up to?

There is nothing to be read between the lines. This is who I am.
Part of my mission in life is to not let the good things that happen to me go unnoticed and especially unawarded.
It takes very little to show some rightful appreciation, and considering all the big things I strive to do in life, I cannot allow myself to fail at such simple things.
Few things make me more sad than unintentional ungratefulness.

My point is:
I saw all the good things you did to me.
Some of which I told you, others you will never know.
Thank you.

I hope the realization that you can do so much good by just being yourself gives you the confidence to go out there and dare to try incredible things.
Don't allow yourself to do anything less.

Sorry if this is overly dramatic.
I think a lot is at stake and again, this is who I am.
Please take this in the nicest way possible, because that's what I mean.

Thank you so much for the time together.

Keep your head up ~~░░░░░~~, can win.

Stefano

---

~~_Context redacted_~~

People need a thousand reasons to stay together and only one to split apart.  
Sometimes it's a good reason, sometimes it's not. I get it, it's complicated.  
Nonetheless, I find this extremely sad.

To honor a friendship that I lost, I wrote this.  
The text doesn't contain any obviously specific information, so just as it did with me, I publish it in hope it helps to quite the mind of others.
